applications: asset_tracker_v2: Use CAF Leds module for controlling leds (#5075)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker_v2/README.rst

* :file:`prj.conf` - Configuration file common for all build targets
* :file:`boards/thingy91_nrf9160ns.conf` - Configuration file specific for Thingy:91. The file is automatically merged with :file:`prj.conf` when you build for the ``thingy91_nrf9160ns`` build target.

> * :file:`boards/nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns.conf` - Configuration file specific for nRF 9160dk. The file is automatically merged with :file:`prj.conf` when you build for the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns`` build target.

Reviewer: The space should be moved in `nRF 9160dk` so that it reads `nRF9160 DK`

The following configuration files are available in the application folder:

* :file:`prj.conf` - Configuration file common for all build targets
* :file:`boards/thingy91_nrf9160ns.conf` - Configuration file specific for Thingy:91. This file is automatically merged with the :file:`prj.conf` file when you build for the ``thingy91_nrf9160ns`` build target.
* :file:`boards/nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns.conf` - Configuration file specific for nRF9160 DK. This file is automatically merged with the :file:`prj.conf` file when you build for the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns`` build target.
* :file:`overlay-low-power.conf` - Configuration file that achieves the lowest power consumption by disabling features  that consume extra power like LED control and logging.
* :file:`overlay-debug.conf` - Configuration file that adds additional verbose logging capabilities to the application
* :file:`boards/<BOARD>/led_state_def.h` - Header file that describes the LED behavior of the CAF LEDs module.

Generally, Kconfig overlays have an ``overlay-`` prefix and a ``.conf`` extension.
Board-specific configuration files are placed in the :file:`boards` folder and are named as :file:`<BOARD>.conf`.

> DTS overlay files are named the same as the build target and use the file extension ``.overlay``. They are placed in the :file:`boards/<BOARD>.overlay>` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DTS overlay files are named the same as the build target and use the file extension ``.overlay``. They are placed in the :file:`/boards` folder.
```
Sorry, once more about this. Is't the folder name just `boards`?

Author: yes, sorry changed file locations but did not changed it here

* :file:`prj.conf` - Configuration file common for all build targets
* :file:`boards/thingy91_nrf9160ns.conf` - Configuration file specific for Thingy:91. The file is automatically merged with :file:`prj.conf` when you build for the ``thingy91_nrf9160ns`` build target.

> * :file:`boards/nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns.conf` - Configuration file specific for nRF9160 DK. The file is automatically merged with :file:`prj.conf` when you build for the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns`` build target.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :file:`boards/nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns.conf` - Configuration file specific for nRF9160 DK. This file is automatically merged with the :file:`prj.conf` file when you build for the ``nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns`` build target.
```

* :file:`overlay-low-power.conf` - Configuration file that achieves the lowest power consumption by disabling features  that consume extra power like LED control and logging.
* :file:`overlay-debug.conf` - Configuration file that adds additional verbose logging capabilities to the application

> * :file:`boards/<BOARD>/led_state_def.h` - Header file which describes led behavior for CAF leds module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :file:`boards/<BOARD>/led_state_def.h` - Header file that describes the LED behavior of the CAF LEDs module.
```

Generally, Kconfig overlays have an ``overlay-`` prefix and a ``.conf`` extension.
Board-specific configuration files are placed in the :file:`boards` folder and are named as :file:`<BOARD>.conf`.

> DTS overlay files are named the same as the build target and use the file extension ``.overlay``. They are placed in :file:`boards/<BOARD>.overlay>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DTS overlay files are named the same as the build target and use the file extension ``.overlay``. They are placed in the :file:`boards/<BOARD>.overlay>` directory.
```

* :ref:`modem_info_readme`
* :ref:`lib_download_client`
* :ref:`lib_fota_download`

> * :ref:`_caf_leds`

Reviewer 3: ```
:ref:`caf_leds`
```

Reviewer 3: should fix doc build issue
